SRM dashboards' (#3399)
harness/developer-hub: docs/service-reliability-management/srm-dashboard/srm-dashboard-intro.md

---
title: Service Reliability dashboards
description: Learn about Service Reliability dashboard.
sidebar_position: 10
---

Harness Service Reliability Management (SRM) features pre-configured dashboards that offer consolidated insights into the health and historical performance of your Service Level Objectives (SLOs). These dashboards encompass data from all projects and environments within your organization.

Harness dashboards provide you with the ability to:

- Tailor, personalize, and even craft your own dashboards to suit your specific needs.
	
- Set up automated delivery schedules and configure alert notifications based on the dashboard data.

> For a complete guide to Harness dashboards, go to [Dashboards](https://developer.harness.io/docs/category/dashboards-1).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a complete guide to Harness dashboards, go to [Dashboards](/docs/category/dashboards-1).
```

This topic provides comprehensive insights into Harness SRM dashboards.

## View Service Reliability dashboards

> To view the SRM dashboards, follow these steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To view the SRM dashboards, do the following:
```

1. In your Harness project, navigate to **Dashboards**. 

   The Dashboards page is displayed.
    
2. Select **Service Reliability**.
   

>    The dashboard list is displayed, that includes the following pre-configured Service Reliability dashboards:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The dashboard list is displayed, which includes the following pre-configured Service Reliability dashboards:
```

   - SLO Health
   - SLO History

> <docimage path={require('./static/srm-dashboards.png')} />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   <docimage path={require('./static/srm-dashboards.png')} />
```

## View a specific SRM dashboard

To view a specific Service Reliability dashboard, do the following:

> 1.	In the dashboard list, locate the dashboard you wish to explore and select it. The selected dashboard opens, displaying the relevant metrics and data. For example, if you want to view the SLO Health dashboard, simply select it in the list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In the dashboard list, locate the dashboard you wish to explore and select it. The selected dashboard opens, displaying the relevant metrics and data. For example, if you want to view the SLO Health dashboard, simply select it in the list.
```

> 1.	In the dashboard list, locate the dashboard you wish to explore and select it. The selected dashboard opens, displaying the relevant metrics and data. For example, if you want to view the SLO Health dashboard, simply select it in the list.

Reviewer: I think when there's only one item in a list/steps, we use a bullet

Author: Thanks for pointing out!
